well we said that they have faced each other in
three times
in the first they faced in a tournament
of the ITF
tipton
in 2007 62 60 julia georges
they faced each other
for the second time also in 2007 a
tournament
of sedation hospitalization to carla
Suarez play at the usual level of
he has come
we have to lower the coach again
on your day after you've lost
these three consecutive games
in this beginning the second sets
a fifth time he is in this tournament
fibers yours
in 2011 juice
rating fund
dinar
had the first round against kaia kanepi
after the second before dinará safina
won in eighth grade to Caroline Wozniacki
is the number one in the world in that
so
in anastasia pension rooms
pavlyuchenkova then number 21 lost
in semifinals before victory azarenka the
been your best result
the years the one that better yielded were
2011 and 2012
and lost in the first round against mona
barthel in 2012
in 2013 won first round bojan to
Jovanovski from Serbia and lost before
barbarian time in second round
and the year did have to play the phase
previous place four games to one
in this second set
we see very difficult
when
in this list
receives more whistles than applause
connected live with the match
holland juventus de turin and the real
Madrid